Well, good evening family. Thank you for joining us again tonight, and good morning to all of you in Australia.
I don't know what time it is over there, but I like to say good morning all the time, even when it is not morning.
We have a lot to talk about tonight. We have these clips Braden made for us, and he'll be adding new things to the back of the screen.
He works so hard at it. I told him, 'Let's do two nights in a row of that.'He worked so hard on the prophetic mural.
It's needed, even though my head's covering all of it. Well, you weren't here last night, that's why.
But I'd rather have you here than that. Come get closer to me. Let's go over some of the things in the news.
I want to start right off by saying this: I thought it was amazing last night because I went over everything the Lord showed us at the end of the broadcast—when it happened, how it happened, and everything.
Excuse me, that's why I'm sitting. I just had greasy food. I took a bite of that bread.
It wasn't until I said, 'Don't you see? I can't do anything. I don't have control of it,'and it was a flatline.
It was like touching a cold stove last night. But the moment I gave Jesus the praise, the moment I acknowledged him, it switched on and I started seeing.
He said, 'If you give me praise and glory and touch not the glory, touch not the anointing, every time you do this, I'll show up like that.'But last night I didn't, because I don't want to be redundant.
It's like repeating things over and over again. Brandon can't do anything apart from him.
Anything I see, anything that's shown to us by the spirit of God, is all because of God.
I say it every single time and I'll continue to say it. Last night was a perfect example.
I avoided trying to go over it, and there it was—it was a flatline.
I did the whole broadcast and showed you all the things until I said, 'Well, excuse me, here we are folks.'I thought it was amazing because the moment I gave him acknowledgement, the moment I said it out of my mouth—apart from him, I can do nothing; we give all the glory to Jesus—I started seeing instantaneously.
It was amazing. The broadcast went on for three hours. I said I couldn't get in the river no matter how hard I tried.
Even today, whenever he took me and I was in my prayer time, he said, 'Brandon'—I said, 'What is going on?
How are things going today?'just talking like I always do to him.
And he said, 'Brandon, I want you to start enjoying life more. You're taking too much of this on you.
I want you to have fun and enjoy life.'I said, 'I get it.'He said, 'Tell my people to have more fun.
Tell my people to enjoy life more. Life's supposed to be fun and good.
I gave you life, and life more abundantly.'So many people are like me—the pressure of life, the pressure of the prophetic, the pressure of all of it tries to choke the fun out of things.
He said, 'I want you just to have fun. Laugh more. Enjoy your family more.
You don't have to walk under the pressure of things. It's not yours to carry.'Yesterday was a prime example of it.
I remember Rodney Howard-Browne telling a story—and I don't talk about names, but I remember this story.
He brought it up to me where he was over at some pastor's house before the service and he was playing video games with the pastor's son.
The pastor got so upset that he was not praying before the service; he was not taking it more seriously in his mind.
But Rodney felt to play the game with the son, and the glory fell in that service. The bottom line is, it is in us.
Regardless of whether you're having fun and enjoying life, or you're relaxing and resting, there's a point where you think it's self-righteousness that brings the glory.
'Well, it's because I fasted five times this week,'and 'It's because I put myself in position.'Not saying that doesn't help your flesh to be crucified, but if you have the mindset that it's because of what I did that got me qualified to get this, you already disqualified yourself. The Lord was showing me it's about relationship.
He said, 'Brandon, it's about relationship.'Do you realize it's not about how much you think—'I didn't say anything rude today to Diana; I tried really hard to always walk in love'—when you're in a marriage and you work with somebody seven days a week, 24 hours a day, you have a tendency to be cranky and crunchy.
I tell her, 'It's not about even that.''Well, I disqualified myself today; I had a bad attitude.'You always want to walk in love, but that's not the point.
I'm trying to say that it's not how good you think you are that qualifies you for the glory.
You're human, and you always lean on him. You are always leaning on and trusting in him regardless of how messed up you are.
It's all about Jesus. It's just a mindset of relationship that he's been teaching me about.
It's always something like, 'Well, I prayed extra long today.'We drove a lot more today and looked for stuff for our eBay store.
'You prayed a lot longer today, Brandon. Boy, I bet tonight's broadcast is going to be over the top because you prayed in tongues for six hours.
I bet you're qualified tonight, buddy.'That's why the Lord told me, 'Brandon, even on your worst day, it's my grace.
No matter how much you have it in your mind to think that you're qualified tonight to see and be able to do anything in the spirit realm with me, you never were good enough in the first place.
It was always by my grace and by the blood.'It goes back to when I stepped on the dog and killed it.
If anyone hasn't heard that before, my little girl got a dog for Christmas.
Diana, I'm glad you're here; you can chime in. Don't sit over there and be quiet.
I was playing Warzone, Call of Duty, with Braden for Christmas.
I'm really competitive and we like to win. Braden's really good at Call of Duty.
For all the religious ones out there: Oh my gosh, I can't believe...
No, no, no. I have fun with my son and we play as a team. Braden wins; he's very good at Call of Duty. I'm not so good.
I was really focused and wasn't paying attention, but I told Paisley to put the dog up several times.
It was a brand new puppy and she had it wrapped in a blanket. I jumped up to go to the bathroom in between matches.
I'm a big guy, of course, and I stepped on this puppy and killed it right there.
Squashed it. The guts popped out. I mean, this is how I squashed and destroyed this dog right there.
Instantaneously, Paisley is like, 'You—'because the dog is dead. I lost it.
I'm cussing, acting a fool, because I'm so mad about what I just did.
I'm blaming myself, but instantaneously you start blaming other people.
'It's your fault.'No, it's my fault. I was stupid. I should have watched where I was walking.
But I lost my cool and started saying all kinds of profanity.
I was freaking out because the dog we just bought for Christmas was dead; it had been squashed.
This was years ago. I just want to clarify that this was a long time ago.
You don't have to defend me; it is what it is. I was a jerk and killed the dog. I lost it.
I went in the back and Paisley started screaming, 'Daddy, aren't you going to pray for my dog to rise from the dead?
Daddy, don't you believe God will raise my dog from the dead?'I said, 'God's not going to hear me at all. Honey, I'm not there. I lost it.
I'm just not there.'I said, 'But you pray; I can't.'She said, 'All things are possible to him who believes, Daddy.
Pray for my dog to get up from the dead.'I told her I couldn't do it and that He wouldn't hear me.
So she started marching up and down the hallway, screaming as loud as she could, 'All things are possible!'praying in the Holy Spirit, 'Get up from the dead, dog!
Get up from the dead!'She was weeping because her dog was dead. Several hours later, Diana put the dog in a shoebox.
It was frozen outside with snow on the ground, and I thought, 'I'm not going to go out there and dig a hole in that frozen ground right now.'So we put the dog in a shoebox and set it by the trash can on the front porch.
I told her I'd take care of it later. Diana put the dog out there and I felt bad later.
The Holy Spirit jumped all over me because I had acted like an idiot.
I was broken. I went in and told her I was sorry. Paisley was still crying.
I admitted I was an idiot and apologized for yelling. Then Diana went to take the trash out to the porch, and the dog was gone. She came in and said, 'Brandon, the dog is gone.
Something got it.'I thought because we lived in the country, raccoons or a stray cat had taken the puppy to eat because it was cold.
Then she heard a squeaking noise. Diana went down and looked, and that dog was alive.
It was frozen cold, but all the guts and blood were gone. It was completely restored—no guts, no blood, nothing.
That dog had been completely mushed; I had crushed the bones, but it was completely restored by the power of God.
Diana brought the dog in, started blow-drying it, and got it warm.
Paisley sat there with the biggest grin on her face and said, 'Daddy, I told you all things are possible to him who believes.'To this day, I'll never forget her little face, nor your face, nor Braden's face.
We were all in awe of the goodness of God and the shock of what had happened.
I held that dog in my hand, and God spoke to me. He said, 'Even on your best day, son, your righteousness is filthy rags.
In the natural, without my Son's blood, you're never good enough.'God brought that back to me today regarding the mantle we walk in.
No matter how you live your life, it's about keeping a relationship with Him and keeping the main thing the main thing, but not touching the trigger. What's God's trigger? Touching the glory.
Apart from Him, Jesus said, 'I only do what my Father tells me to do.'He did not separate Himself from His Father's voice but always deflected and gave God the praise.
If the Son of God always gave God the praise, we must do the same.
In everything you do in word and deed, give all to the glory of God.
The Bible says that in all we do and say, in word and deed, give all to the glory of God.
No matter what you're going through, we give all to the glory of God; we stay on God's side.
As I walked through that, the Lord reminded me—because it was around the same time of year, January—to look back at the Rolodex of miracles seen in life.
You realize that even then, your righteousness is filthy rags.
The point the Lord was trying to tell me was, 'Brandon, when you give me praise, it opens the door for the blessing.'When you acknowledge Him and tell people, no matter the size of your platform, that you can't do anything apart from Him, it matters.
Seeing things coming in the future is a gift from Him to show us what is coming.
Joel chapter 2 says that young men will see visions and old men will dream dreams.
People ridicule this, but God said, 'Brandon, I'm just fulfilling what I told you I'd do in my Word.
Someone has to fit the role; why not you?'My young men will have visions, my old men will dream dreams, and I'll pour out my Spirit upon my handmaidens.
Whether it's Acts chapter 2 or Joel chapter 2, God is fulfilling what He said He would do in the last days.
How many visions qualify? 'Visions'is plural; it doesn't mean singular. He's saying multiple. Old men will have multiple dreams.
If you push into Him and give Him glory, He will show you much more to come, and it will prove accurate. It will be a sign for the world to know He is coming.
The main mission for this channel is to tell His people He is coming and that it's time to repent and get serious about the Father coming.
I said I'd do it. We set out to raise a prayer channel with a million prayer warriors on YouTube.
By doing so, you will change the course of things. Stand strong, keep in His Word, and always deflect the glory.
It's not about Brandon or Diana. I will not take His glory. Last night in the spirit, we saw Trump negotiating major deals with the Greenland people.
Europe and the EU were standing strong against Trump, saying they wouldn't allow it. I saw them divided in half.
The elders in Greenland did not want to join the United States, but the young people did.
They were going to take a major vote to become part of the United States. The Trump administration was after minerals.
I saw billions of dollars of minerals to build batteries and things like that. What else was in the dirt?
I saw big dump trucks circling around; they were going down and getting the minerals.
I saw fish, which I thought related to cobalt. You're still going, right?
No, I want you to tell me. We'll bring our American stores to your shores.
I saw American stores and big companies going to Greenland to make it like America, like we would do anywhere else.
You're part of us now, so we'll share what we have. An IHOP is going to come there, or a Denny's where you can eat breakfast at night.
McDonald's is probably already there. Starbucks is just around the corner on every block.
I cracked myself up; it's not even funny, but it's funny to me.
Dunkin'Donuts is going right next door. I saw all these major things coming.
This is what we saw last night. Less than 24 hours, folks, and it happens in the news.
A lot of times, when we would see things in the past before we started getting on the channel, some things would take two to three months or two to three years.
He warned us about COVID before we were even on YouTube. He told us that summer that a major shaking was coming, and it started happening by March of 2019, I think.
He spoke to us in 2018. He told us COVID was coming, and then he told us another virus is coming after that.
Read that one right there: 'Trump admin reportedly considers paying each Greenland resident up to 100k amid US takeover talks'—that came out today.
How much did I tell you they would offer them? I saw that the real agreement, whenever it really came down to it, was over $25,000 per citizen to buy their country with our US tax dollars.
I saw these major things taking place last night in prayer, and it's in the news today, less than 12 hours later.
People ask, 'Do you work at the news agency, Brandon? How did you know that?
Do you work for the CIA?'I've heard that so much lately. 'You must be Mossad.
You work for Mossad. CIA, you're an operative. I know you are.
You're part of the Masonics, part of that 666 stuff with the witchcraft.'Come on, folks.
I'm a Holy Ghost believer, baptized in the Holy Ghost, praying in the Holy Ghost.
I'm not CIA. I don't work for Mossad. It's Jesus. Isn't he wonderful? That's all I can say to your ignorance.
Read this one right here: 'US considering investing in critical minerals mining in Greenland, Ammaroq CEO tells CNBC.'That happened today.
What did Brandon say? What did the Holy Ghost say they were after?
I saw major mining, and it was going to establish the dollar against the BRICS. All this is to combat the BRICS. The dollar is in trouble.
As you see behind us on the screen, the dollar is in trouble and it's about to go over the waterfall.
Trump is paddling as fast as he can; he's canoeing and fighting to keep our economy up.
The Lord said, 'Pray for him,'for I heard impeachment will come again in 2026 or 2027.
They'll say it a lot, but they'll not have the votes because we'll keep the House.
The Lord said the Senate is in jeopardy. You have a great opportunity to lose the Senate.
I saw them losing the Senate in November, and the Lord said you must pray to keep it.
There are key races in key places where intercessory prayer will have great influence.
We're going to continue to pray that we get the Senate and the House so that Trump doesn't have a stalemate presidency.
Behind us, I saw Elon Musk coming back on the scene. The bromance is back.
Elon's back. Trump's back. I knew he was coming back. I told everybody how many times?
I got detailed about what I saw concerning that man with the rockets.
Where did SpaceX come from? Who does he have a covenant with?
The Lord said, 'Who did he have a relationship with for his first rocket?'If you look at the trail at the beginning, you'll find it was cheaper to go to another country.
That country gave him the ability to do what he's doing right now, which translated to America.
But it all started somewhere. What lies beneath the surface?
The Lord warned us to pray about these things. He keeps warning us about Cuba.
This is a prayer fail that happened last night. Play the video.
Regarding the church in Salt Lake City, they say you're derogatory, but I'm trying to tell you that you're going to be targeted.
You need to pray over the main Mormon base in Utah. I saw mass casualties coming.
I see Salt Lake City; it's the area for the Mormons. I see an attack concerning certain landmarks represented in 2026.
There's something about Utah that is highlighted. It goes clear up into Seattle; I'm talking mass events.
A deadly mass shooting in Salt Lake City and the hunt for whoever pulled the trigger—two people killed, eight shot, three in critical condition at a funeral at an LDS church along Redwood Road.
I said the Mormon church in Salt Lake City. The more I flow in this, the greater detail in the vision, the greater the threat.
If it's bold and very clear, it's very prominent. This is a very serious situation at hand.
When it's faded and not as detailed or vibrant, it's not coming as quick. It's not a heightened alert that I want.
I don't want to say it's not coming as quick; it's just not heightened as much.
This is serious. You need to really pray. The more vibrant the colors, the more things I see.
This is something that's very hot. Did I describe that well enough? You understand what I'm saying?
Well, you're married to me, but you get it because I'm trying, and you know what I'm saying all the time.
The greater the vision, the greater the detail, the greater the prayer.
More imminent. More imminent. There you go. Thank you for the word.
So I try to tell everybody it's very close. And then how many days later?
November 13th, I see this. Today's the 7th of January and it happened.
And the Lord says there's more to come. Now I don't know how—is it open doors or whatever?
But the Lord says, 'Pray for the Mormon church in this time frame.'Do I follow their false doctrine?
Yes. I'm not here to attack any religion or denomination, but I have to tell you the truth. What I know is false doctrine.
And the Lord said, 'I'm bringing a great revival to the Mormon church, and I'm going to shake the Mormon church.
In doing so, I'm going to show up, and there's going to be a splitting of the Mormon church.
You're going to see a major split but a major revival happen in the midst of it, for there are really good people there.'That's why I said I'm not trying to be derogatory; that was what that was about because I said it's false, but the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake the Mormon church and there's going to be a major revival there.'So Braden makes those shorts and I try to tell you what is happening.
What I was saying about it before, number two, what I see in Seattle: another major attack's coming.
I saw it all over the place. The Lord showed me. And so we saw a major earthquake taking place there.
We saw Yellowstone going off. We've seen major earthquakes in Yellowstone National Park.
In British Columbia, we saw volcanoes going off in the water.
We saw major tsunami waves coming in when we've seen Cuba plotting a plan to attack us with some kind of biological thing in the days ahead and make it look like it's drug traffickers.
They'll use drug traffickers as the cover of this. It's not drug traffickers; it's Cuba.
It's the government. Watch what happens. This is one that's encouraging.
Now, I try to give you both sides of the coin all the time, what the Holy Ghost is talking to us about.
I give all the glory to God for this. But play the video. I took my vest off last night because I felt so hot when I was wearing it.
Am I crowding you? I'm sorry. I take so much room. Go ahead and play what the Lord said was coming to California.
Now, this is January 16th of 2025. Pretty neat, huh? That's almost a year ago.
But look at what the Lord said January 16th of 2025 and see where we are right now.
I saw pop stars—major name pop stars—that all of a sudden are going to get radically changed, and some of them really will.
There will be a great shifting in celebrity people. Reality TV people are going to become radically born again.
I saw them having small groups in their houses—mega houses—with all kinds of celebrities coming to these mega houses and getting the word of God because they couldn't go to a church because it's too much of a distraction.
So I saw them having Bible studies in the privacy of their homes because they couldn't go to churches because of their names, because people were trying to mess with them. But they were truly hungry and looking for Jesus.
And when this happens, they will sit in these Bible studies and I saw the presence of the Lord just like it was in Acts chapter 2 when the mighty rushing wind will come in and it will fill their house.
You will see Holy Ghost fire on these homes. And when the Holy Ghost fire comes on these homes, you're going to see a radical transformation for some.
It's coming. A major move of the presence of God is coming on some homes in the Hollywood Hills. I saw it. It's going to happen quickly and suddenly.
But not every single celebrity that you hear is going to get radically saved in this time frame is one that you can listen to.
Just because they proclaim it—let's see the fruit. The fruit will demonstrate the word of God. The word and the fruit will go hand in hand.
Great celebrities you will see will come to their knees and they will worship me, for I've come to set the captives free.
I hear him say great celebrities will go to their knees and there will be repentance within them.
I see a great move of the spirit of God upon Hollywood with A-list celebrities. I'm talking supernatural.
It's like a great metamorphosis will take place in some of these celebrities.
I see Chris—he's a born-again Christian. Chris Pratt, the Guardians of the Galaxy guy.
He gets radical. I see this man on fire on another level for Jesus.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Watch Mel Gibson, for a great move of my presence will come.
Pray for Mel Gibson with this new Passion of the Christ movie.'I'm going to visit Hollywood and you'll see A-list celebrities.
I see a shaking in the family. All of them. I see a great awakening in them, for it stems back to their generations, Armenian.
A great revival within them, a shaking in them. There will be great mouthpieces: Kim, Khloe, Kendall, and Kylie.
I see a turnaround in the Kardashians, a great revival within them. I see a revival in Kanye again.
I see a revival stirring up within them and they will be a great mouthpiece, and you've got to pray for them.
You must pray for them. I see a revival. God's going to use them and Bieber. They're all connected there.
I see great strongholds of satanic things to hold them, but I see a revival coming to Hollywood.
Great celebrity influence will help things turn more red and people have had enough.
They'll have major gatherings in these celebrity mansions as a place of privacy as a revival will break out. A shaking's coming.
They'll be key figures and mouthpieces, and they'll use their mansions for gathering places, and the Holy Spirit will move in these gathering places.
But the Lord showed us major... play the other clip. Now you've got this—this is Khloe saying this a couple of days ago.
Now I don't endorse everything this woman says, but this is who we've been praying for and I thought it was pretty cool what she says here.
It's a beginning. First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
We're seeing first the blade right now, so we've got to pray for that blade.
But look at what she said on her podcast: 'I believe in God and that Jesus is the son of God.'And that's my belief system.
I love talking to God multiple times throughout my day. The power of prayer is so real and so strong.
I know because I have so much faith. I've helped so many people.
This sounds crazy, but when people are like, 'Pray for me. I know you have a line to God,'I'm like, 'I do.
I genuinely do.'I've prayed for so many people through surgeries, and I know my prayers when Lamar was in his coma were heard by God.
There's just no other way. My faith does not waver. I know he hears me, and I'm going to pray until the cows come home or until Jesus comes back.
Whichever one, I'm a child of God and I believe. You got it. Now, that's pretty cool.
I thought, 'It's happening.'Now, watch this one. Why don't you talk about your faith and how much faith plays a part in your life?
I feel like people are always surprised. They'll be like, 'What, you're witches?''Yeah, you know, I get that all the time.
Believe in God.'When I talk about reading the Bible every day, people are like, 'Yeah, you do.'I have a daily devotional that I read.
I've been trying to ask some of our friends that live near us to do a Bible study, which I think would be amazing for the adults.
I would love it. I told you that I want to do it with you. And I'm going to try that new church.
I think the more you talk to God, the louder you'll start hearing him.
Because at first you're like, 'Well, okay.'It's so awkward or weird or just foreign to you.
But then the more that you talk to him, those answers do show up or innately you find the answer.
You figure it out. That's how he speaks to you. I just thought it was pretty neat talking about having Bible studies in their houses.
I thought it was out of a lot of prayer. And it's amazing when you start seeing fruit of your prayer in people's lives.
You don't even know these people, but the Lord says, 'I want to use them.
I want them to be a major mouthpiece for me in these last days, Braden, to bring in great harvest for young people.'Now, do we just take our guard down and say everything's—no.
We keep continuing to pray. We're not judging them. We're excited that they're on the right road.
They're allowing Jesus to do something in their life. And we all started out as babies.
Remember what the Lord said: 'Be patient with my babies, church, for you were once a baby.
Don't become critical. Love my babies.'You need to keep praying for them.
They may do this photoshoot and they might do that, and it's repulsive to some non-believers.
But I'm just saying, listen, we're on the right road. At least we got some traction here.
Look at what God's doing. Let's get excited about the end times, church.
I got excited when my wife showed me that today. I said, 'Wow, babe.
That's prayer.'And we gave this word back this time last year.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to do something with the Kardashians,'and I thought it was pretty neat. Was there anything else? Iran.
So then we saw a major uprising in Iran and we continue to see this, and we need to pray for their safety.
But as we have prayed into it, the Lord showed us a major revival coming to Iran, and it would be a window of opportunity.
Then last night we saw Venezuela, and I saw them rising up a new government and it would be short-lived because they had a barrier in their mind of how they do things.
I saw the United States of America setting up a military base in Venezuela.
A massive town will be set up in Venezuela in the days ahead. It was painted red to me in the vision.
I saw a military base with all kinds of military equipment and the United States occupying that area, and it was like a small city.
Then I saw that because when you are oppressed, it's a way of thinking.
The Lord showed me because it has been that way for decades, it would take that generation dying off to think free because they will bring in another leader that will be just like Maduro because that's the way they think.
It wasn't just getting rid of him; it was levels of government, layers like an onion full of corruption and witchcraft. That was layer after layer.
And that's why he said, 'Brandon, I told you once the liberation takes place, you have a small window.'That was by design. Same thing about North Korea, same thing about China.
These areas that the Lord said, 'I'm going to give you a window of opportunity to reach these people.'I thought, 'Well, that window's small.''I'm not giving you a door.
I'm giving you a window.'Think about what he says more than what he doesn't. What did he say?
'I'm giving you a window of opportunity for a major revival.'And this will happen in Iran and these other areas.
At the beginning of 2026, the opportunity starting to dwindle has a crack.
And look at this right now. Show them. This is Iran today. They're uprising.'What's wrong?
They're burning stuff and acting nuts. You have more? Yes. And then after that we'll pray.
Oh, that's crazy. What's wrong with the people? Are they freezing our broadcast?
Oh, something happened. They took it down. Campaign is back.
They gave us a warning. Is it gone? No. I think it might be my computer.
They're saying all is good. We're not doing anything wrong.
We're just showing people being liberated. People get on my nerves.
Let's look at that. I just thought it was cool. They're excited.
They're getting free. It's good. All right, we'll just move on. Don't worry about it. Don't get it taken down.
If they don't want us playing their clips, don't play their clips.
Let's take communion. I've got to have the book. So, did that first part bless you?
How many minutes is that? 50? An hour? Way too long. Well, it's like your daily devotion.
I'm sorry. There you go. But this is what's going on, and it's cool to see it.
What the Lord's doing through this channel. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Look at all those people. That's a lot of people. That's probably about 10,000 or more.
Some people—I saw an article saying like a million. There's a lot, probably all together.
But in that little area, they look like ants, like swarming ants. They're done.
And in this, God will provide a major window for revival for the people of Iran. That's what he's saying. So all glory to Jesus.
Father, we just thank you for another great night tonight for every person that's represented here.
Do you have anything on your heart? I want you to talk. No. You sure?
Did you drop your candy? No. You're putting me on the spot. I'm just here to pray.
I don't have anything. If the Holy Spirit tells me, I'll—I know, but I like to hear you talk.
Are you sure you don't have anything? Well, I don't believe it.
Again, ladies and gentlemen, she's silent. No, I'm not picking on you.
She has a lot to say. She has a lot. So, it's good. I love you. I'm not trying to pick on you.
Father, I thank you for your body that was broken for us. Thank you, Father, for another great day today.
You said, 'Brandon, I want my people to enjoy life.'I want them to have fun.
I want you to enjoy your family, enjoy what I've given you: this life to live, regardless of whether you have little or much.
I'm so grateful, Father, for all that You've done for this channel.
Father, we're praying and we're seeing results with the Kardashians and the people talking about Jesus and finding their faith in You.
I thank You that You would be so rooted in them as they read that Word that they're talking about every single morning.
Father, that it would become so real to them that it would change them from the inside out, just like how we all were once lost and now we're found.
I thank You that You're finding the celebrities, too. They were once lost and they can say, "Jesus Christ set me free."No matter how dark their road was, Jesus Christ set me free.
And You're no respecter of persons. You love the poorest of the poor to the richest of the rich.
You love us all and You love us all the same. No one's greater in Your eyes and no one's lesser.
You look at us and say, "I love everybody. You're all fearfully and wonderfully made."Isn't that wonderful about Him?
He doesn't have favorites like that. He goes, "Well, you know what? They have money.
I like them better, so we'll hang out with them."He went to the bars and to the lowliest of places.
He went to the palaces. He talked to kings; He talks to the paupers.
He loves everyone. And that's what's so amazing about our Savior.
Jesus Christ died for every single one of us. And He doesn't care how much you have in your bank account.
He doesn't care what kind of car you drive or what kind of house you live in or what kind of clothes you wear.
Jesus Christ loves each and every single one of us. I'm so thankful that You said yes, that, "Hey, Brandon, I want to use you.
I've got a plan for your life."I thank You, Father, for the opportunity to always come on here and tell people about You.
For You've been so good to me. You've been so good to Diana. And I thank You, Father, that it's just grace—something we didn't earn and something we didn't deserve.
I thank You, Father, for Your healing power that flows on the inside of us. And regardless of how our day was, we thank You, Lord.
No matter how your day was—no matter if you had a rough day at work today, you might have gotten laid off today, you might have gotten fired today—you might have had your wife give you your divorce papers or your husband, or you're single.
Like the lady said, "You don't pray for single moms enough. You don't pray for single dads enough.
We're out here too."I pray for every single one of us, Father, even the single mom that's struggling, that can't pay the bills and waits on her child support every month and she's struggling, raising three kids by herself. I thank You, Father, that You give her strength.
I ask You, Father, to touch the people right now—the single mothers that are just fighting through life, trying to get these kids fed, just trying to get these kids clothed, just trying to make sure that they make good grades and that they don't screw up.
Or single fathers, or even grandparents that are raising the kids because the mom and dad might be in prison for some kind of drug thing or whatever.
And you're having to raise the grandkids and you didn't even expect this. You're like, "I already raised kids.
I didn't expect to have to raise more kids,"but you're doing it because God called you to do it. And you're doing it with a good heart.
And I ask You, God, to pour out a special anointing on them right now to do what seems to be so impossible because of the pressure of this generation.
I ask You, Father, to give them a special anointing tonight.
That You touch them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
And as she sits there and weeps before You, thinking, "I can't do this anymore by myself,"God, I ask You to give her strength. I ask You to give him strength.
I ask You to give the grandparent, whoever's watching this right now, God, I thank You for a special anointing on them to get the job done well, and do it well.
Not just barely get by, but have an abundance of joy—joy in doing it. Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father, for the supernatural finances and creative ideas, that joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Thank You, Lord, that the peace that passes all understanding is on those kids and on the families and on the married couples that are having marriage problems.
And Father, we pray over their marriages and we pray over their households, Father, that the husbands, the wives, the families, Father, would get ready because Jesus Christ is going to visit them in a special way.
I believe that, Father, that we're the generation that will not taste death.
Jesus, You're standing at the door. And I thank You, Father, that we're ready.
We are looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
That every single one of us that are believing for a miracle—a creative miracle, a supernatural healing, Father, deliverance from demonic spirits—Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're free in Jesus'name.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed. That they're not giving up on what they're believing for.
They have faith like a bulldog and they latch on to the bone and they know that, God, we are fully persuaded that what You've promised, You're able also to perform, to bring it to pass.
I believe that, God, that You're a God of restoration and restitution—that what the devil stole, we call back everything the devil stole in Jesus'name.
Job got it back. And we ask You, Father, that You restore back what the cankerworm ate.
And we call restitution over it in Jesus'name. That the blessing of the Lord is on us.
The goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life. That we keep ourselves in the house of the Lord forever.
We keep ourselves in that place of rest. We keep our place in that safe place of joy today.
And we thank You, Lord, for healings. We thank You, Lord. We thank You, Lord, for the rain.
Lord, I never really pray for rain in the winter because it always comes out slick.
But Lord, the land here is getting very dry and I don't want freezing rain. Like I said, You know what I do, Lord.
But I ask You, Father, for greater rain, not freezing rain, but even if it was snow, I wouldn't complain about snow, Lord.
But freezing rain on the power lines is not a good thing. I'm seeing it.
You allow me to see that it's a finished communion. He has things for us to do.
I take this in Jesus'name and we thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
Amen and amen. I take the blood and I apply the blood and we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us. And we thank You for the blood right now in Jesus'name.
And I cover Diana. We cover me. We cover our households. We cover us in Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that our finances are—we plead the blood over us.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your covering over us and we see in the spirit if You want us to, God, if You don't.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we just pray and we lift up Your name, that it's all about You anyway.
I cover my eyes that I'm not snared by any satanic or demonic force. And I cover me in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that there is no demonic spirit coming to mess with me because Your angels are watching over me.
Your angels are watching over Diana and my children. Thank You, Lord, that we only see what You want us to see and we only hear what You want us to hear.
And a stranger's voice we will not follow. I cover my eyes right now in Jesus'name, spiritually and physically.
Amen and amen. Over Diana too and over Braden. Thank You for the blood.
Thank You for the Iranian people tonight. Thank you for the Iranian people.
Holy Spirit, which direction do you want to go? We take our authority, Father.
We rise up above all of this. We fly above the torment and the static.
We go above it like eagles and we see out above the edge of the horizon of time.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
We give glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
A refreshing, and I see an olive grove. He said, 'Come up to the olive grove.'It is a tree.
There is much fruit, a great place of provision. It is about the oil.
I see one of the cryptos hitting five dollars really quickly.
It will make people very happy. He says it's going to hit and it will be five dollars quickly.
You will start to see increase after increase and it will hit five dollars.
It will be a point of breakthrough. The enemy's tried to hold you back, but a great breakthrough is coming.
You'll see Monday that banking deals are being made. Garlinghouse deals are being made.
I see him at a table with papers. There's glass on this side of the wall and big buildings outside.
I see a conference table. For this one, too, I warned you in the past of an investor that would be up in the Hamptons.
There will be like a Michael Saylor. A foundation is being laid for laws and operations.
It's a struggle concerning the government. It's like pulling a rope that has a great big stone on it.
If you keep pulling this, because the enemy knows what's behind this concerning you, it is shalom.
Pray into this church. Take hold. I see Japan once again. I see the woman for the blade of what you're about to see, the same with South Korea.
But Japan is at the forefront to me right now. I see hearts being reunited.
One's pink, one's red. A uniting of the hearts. They will be at ease.
The ease that he wants to bring. It will come in more than one way. I see the pink currency.
It's going to come in more than one wave, for not all have the same wave.
Some of you have your hand in many different cookie jars. I'll bring a wave.
These are all different honey pots, but some of you have your hand in each one.
I see a Range Rover again. It's an off-road vehicle. I see it on the rocks, on the sand, on the concrete.
It's a dark green one with black rims. It's symbolic for something; it's code. Many will increase.
When you open your eyes, you must say and give me all the glory, and I will multiply as you sow.
It's connected to the seed, for the harvest is connected to the seed.
When you listen to me and use your authority, some of you are about to start to fly.
I see private jets, beautiful white ones with blue stripes.
These are like Gulfstreams. He said you'll get there much faster. You have to do a quick work.
You don't have time to go by railroad anymore; it takes too long to go from shore to shore.
Believe me for the quick work. His bank accounts aren't empty.
It's the great provider. I sure love you, Diana. Lay hold of all that I have for thee. I see 2026 coming down.
Some of you will pinch yourself; you'll think you're in a dream because you've been at the bottom of the barrel for so long. You're going to walk in a place of authority and blessing.
Great doors of opportunity are going to open for you, and you're going to walk through those doors with your head held high because you're my sons and my daughters.
Don't be down or broken. He is not talking about pride or arrogance or having your head turned up.
He said keep your head up; you're a king's kid. My father owns the cattle on a thousand hills.
He has the streets paved with gold. I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
Every honeypot is like twenty-five percent. I see the number twenty-five again.
Cool. Pop. I see buildings again. They have glass fronts. These are banks in New York.
Manhattan Bank first. No, Bank of America. What is Bank of America about to do?
I'm seeing it's hot. It's warmer outside, so this is going to be when it's warmer outside.
CBDCs. It's the software from the Tachyon. It's the software they're going to sign.
I see Chase coming up behind it. They're almost like they're touching.
Bank of America, Chase, Wells Fargo is out here on a wagon. But there's another—I see BlackRock.
BlackRock is over here, but they're their own entity. These are like all the buddies and it's like its own entity.
There's something with this over here by itself and there's great darkness all around it.
I see white water rapids. It's going to be very bumpy and turbulent.
All around Chase and Bank of America, it's very bumpy and rocky.
There's rocks all around it, but the water is ripping through there very rapidly.
This is concerning the money. There's a major money movement flow: Bank of America, Chase, Wells Fargo.
Other banks are not as strong, but they're coming up like support systems by them.
They have a siphoner, like a funnel; they're sucking off of them. There's little banks coming up like Fifth Third.
I see a bank coming up here and they're latched on to the pillar on the side of these banks and they're drinking off of them like a flow of water.
BlackRock is still over here by themselves and I see dark clouds all around them.
I see the man with the glasses over there and I see the word BlackRock with darkness swelling around them.
It's connected to England. I see the King, Canada, Toronto.
I see Macron around BlackRock. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are. You are so gentle, so pure and so kind.
You shine like a bright morning star. Jesus, what a wonder you are.
I see gold bars floating down the stream. Gold and silver, but it won't be gold.
It's the foundation under these banks. It's something that's being worked up right now.
Foreign currencies that will revalue soon will be a foundation as they cash in yours.
As you go to exchange, they'll hold it; it will be stability in their own structure. The pink currency will be a structure.
Wells Fargo, Chase, and BofA, they will hold on to this as you go into exchange stability in me as you see Babylon rise out of the flame.
The enemy will try to snare you with your taxes again. Don't be foolish with what you have.
More will come, so I will show you where to put it. It's foundation money to start up.
A greater flow of finances will come each day and tomorrow will magnify the Lord for He is worthy.
Holy, holy, crowned with glory, who was and is to come. Colorado will have a new gold rush for the price of an ounce.
It's going to be higher than a cat's back. A new gold rush will come for the price of an ounce.
You'll find people trying to dig it out of a ditch. It's a gold rush.
It could be a metaphor. Everyone has a necklace. Do you understand? It's a gold rush. Your ring.
It's like trying to go back to the old wells and mines just to look through them because gold gonna come so high.
And that's not investment advice. I'm not an investment advisor.
I'm only telling you what I see in the Holy Ghost and you take it to God and pray for yourself.
I'm just as human as you are. I'm on the Mediterranean. I see Israel and a great wealth coming to it.
I see Gaza being developed. I see hotels and a whole strip of life coming back to Gaza.
It looks like a resort town, modern, similar to what you would see in Miami.
The houses are not like shacks or rundown with poverty. This is big bucks.
This looks like something Trump would have his hand in. This is big money that's about to develop Gaza.
I see resorts and golf courses with green grass. I see a golf course with Trump's name on it, developed on the Mediterranean waterfront.
I see buildings being built and a great financial blessing. There are people picketing, saying it's wrong.
They're upset and have 'Free Palestine'signs, heckling as they build.
This is Palestine's land and it's an economic growth. The Lord said this is symbolic.
This is what they'll be doing everywhere. I see the gas wells. What about the warlord?
I see the buildings, a golf course, swimming pools, and beautiful cars like in Miami.
It's that old stucco vibe, white structures. I see the Third Temple being built and a negotiation for it.
It's being constructed right before my face by that dome. I see MBS. I see MBS and he's the forerunner of this.
I see him standing and there are men behind him, but he is very prominent.
He's wearing very strong-colored clothes, and I see him as very strong.
This is a very strong vision: MBS forerunning a third temple.
Mohammed bin Salman. Thank you, son. Their names are all so similar.
It's him. He's standing up here close. There are other people standing right here.
There's one over here and he's pretty dominant. I've never seen him before.
He's on his left-hand side in the vision. He has a white hat on with black checkers.
He has black aviator sunglasses on and a black beard. He looks like big money the way he carries himself.
This is about developing Gaza. This is about money to help develop Gaza and all the war-torn area right there.
They're building the third temple. I see oil deals because I see crude oil in a black barrel and I see an oil derrick.
But it's the old-style oil derricks from back when you remember the Oilers, the football team.
It's the same kind from the Oilers back when I was a boy in the 80s. It's the same kind of oil derrick. The Oilers.
I see barrels of oil behind the Saudis, behind these Arab men, and that is prominent.
Then I see they have their hand in developing Gaza, and I see shopping malls, restaurants, and the development of the tourist industry.
The Lord said, 'It's coming. You'll see it in the news. It's coming.
Remember this.'That's what He said. 'Remember this. It's coming, church.
The third temple's coming.'A discussion of it is going to start.
'When, Lord, are we going to see Ezekiel first? What do we see first?'Father, how far out am I seeing right now?
Lord, I would like to know that. How far are You showing me right now?
Is this years? Is this months? I see a Trump flag. It's a flag with Trump's name on a golf course flag, the ninth hole.
It says, 'Trump Golf Course, Gaza.'It's a white flag that looks like a triangle flag.
It's white and has blue letters on it in beautiful cursive writing.
There's a line that outlines the flag. It's blue on white with blue corners and has palm trees on it.
Holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. Lord of all the earth, forever He shall reign.
Lord of glory. Lamb of God and holy is Your name. My soul says, 'Lord of all the earth, forever You shall reign.
Lord of glory. Lamb of God and holy is His name.'I feel the anointing so strong on that one.
Lord of all the earth, forever You shall reign. Lord of glory, lamb of God and holy is Your name.
Great wealth is coming concerning these things. Pray. That's what He's saying.
Praying into this. He's talking about the Middle East rising. I see Iraq arising.
I see Iraq about to spring forth a great wealth, a great blessing to come.
Corruption to be exposed and removed. People are going to go to prison.
An uncovering of darkness, but a developing of Iraq and a financial blessing coming.
I see Trump has his hand in this. Trump will have his hand in this.
Watch what Trump does concerning this. 'We've funded, we've helped you.
Our base is there.'He's going to come in and I see Marco Rubio cracking a whip.
'We're changing these things. Revaluing their money.'They're going to do all these things.
'You're going to do what we tell you to do'—a strong arm, and it's to back the dollar.
This is to make America great again. You hear? Same thing they're trying to negotiate with Greenland.
Same thing with Venezuela. It's going after these sectors with oil.
Going after oil. You'll hear this in the news. You'll see a strong hand in here.
It's about the economy. This will be about 2026, 2027. We must pray for the midterm election.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that every righteous person will rise up and run for a position of authority and that we will have good leaders in the Senate and in the House.
We'll have good people with a backbone like a crowbar, like General Flynn and people like that who stand for the nation. I don't know why I saw General Flynn's face again.
We pray for these people that are retired Army reserve people that would rise up for politician positions and say, 'Listen, we're going to take back our land and we're going to be right.'Maybe like Mike Lindell winning by a landslide.
Father, we just uplift Mike Lindell over Minnesota and we thank You, Lord, that he will win.
You'll give him strength regardless of all the drama that's going on there.
We pray for him right now in the name of Jesus to have supernatural strength to get the job done and that he'll win by a landslide in every other position.
We call forth leaders of great integrity with great moral ethics and integrity to lead over our area, over Oklahoma.
A new governor will come in to our great state, Father, and I thank You, Lord, that it will not be divided blue or go blue, but Father, it will rise up and be red again and we'll have another great governor's race, better than Stitt, better than Fallin was.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we will have in the name of Jesus a God-fearing leader again over Oklahoma.
Father, with a backbone like a crowbar, rise up and keep Oklahoma strong, a God-fearing land.
Over Texas, I don't know if Abbott is going to run again. Is his time over?
But Father, we thank You, Lord, that Governor Abbott would win if he's going to go again.
And over Arkansas, I believe it's Huckabee's wife—Sarah Huckabee?
I don't know if they're still married or not, but I pray over Huckabee to win again. Janet Huckabee.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they are blessed and that Father, we have good, God-fearing people even over Arkansas in Jesus'name.
Sarah Huckabee is his daughter. So Sarah Huckabee's over Arkansas. We pray for Sarah Huckabee to win again.
I thought that lady looked a lot older than that young lady over Arkansas.
I said, 'No way. She's really aged bad.'That's what I thought in my mind.
I was like, 'Holy cow, over just three or four years, she's changed a lot compared to where she was.'I was thinking, 'Dear Lord, what happened?'Pressure really makes us age.
Can I show you a picture of Janet? I saw that picture of Janet and I thought, 'Surely that is not the lady over in Arkansas.'She has aged bad over the last three years.
When you showed a recent picture, I thought, 'What has happened?'Pressure.
My goodness. She's taking the pressure of this thing too much.
It's her daughter. Okay, now I get it. A lot better. Praise the Lord.
Not trying to be offensive, Janet, if you're watching. Your daughter is just a lot younger.
Oh, Father, we just thank You, Lord, for this time. The third temple looks so cool.
It has those Greek columns. The way it looks is beautiful. Well, I guess we're done.
What I saw about the money, I could see a lot changing. It's very volatile, very rocky, a lot of change.
Smart. There you go, that's good. No, that's good enough. I wouldn't make it too clear; they can pray about it.
It's not financial advice; that's not our job. The Lord said you're not there to do that.
We pray over things, and that's what we're here for. I feel His presence so strong.
He loved that song: "Lord of All the Earth."That's Carman. Forever He shall reign.
Lord of glory, Lamb of God, and holy is Your name. Lord of all the earth, forever You will reign.
Lord of glory, Lamb of God, and holy is Your name. Thank You, Lord.
Thank You for all that You've done for this channel. Thank You, Lord, for what You've done.
And You established so many amazing prayer warriors here for the new industrial revolution. The new digital frontier is coming.
You started with Benjamin Franklin, planes, trains, automobiles, rockets, and Father, there's a new digital AI era about to break forth.
Thank You for the new era of time—AI. Glory to God. Father, we're so grateful.
We're so grateful, Father, that You've chosen us for such a time as this.
Don't you feel that? It's such a good time to be there. The banks were interesting to me. I could see the gold.
I could see things and a new gold rush, and people were just trying to find gold anywhere.
I'm talking about inside the mountains in Colorado, going up there because of what I saw.
I saw a cat's back high; it looked like a cat's back. Now, why would He pick a cat?
Because cats usually—I'm not against cats, I love dogs—but I'm saying the cat's back was high, and I saw gold on top of it.
I thought, well, it's higher than a cat's back, but people were digging inside of the mountain trying to find any kind of residue, even just flakes.
They were looking for anything—dudes with just little mining helmets, like old school things, but with Energizer Bunny lights, LED lights—trying to look through the old mine areas inside of the mountains of Colorado, looking for anything they could find, even if it was just a little speck, looking for whatever they could because I saw a gold rush.
I heard "Gold Rush."People were trying to find it, a new gold rush. Why?
I don't know; that's what I heard: "Gold Rush."I didn't hear "Silver Rush"; I heard "Gold Rush."I thought it was interesting.
But I saw bricks floating down the stream by the banks. They looked like those things that come out of Fort Knox.
And it was on volatile water. The same with the digital—it was volatile—but the banks were grabbing a hold of it.
It was a stream in front of them, whitewater rapids by the banks.
I saw all the major banks, but I saw BlackRock was standing by itself for Europe.
And I saw—you can go if you need to, love; I know you're so busy.
I was helping you. I know. I'm so thankful when you're here. I just know you're so busy.
I feel for you. I don't want to keep you because you've already been here so long for me.
But I saw England, I saw the Royals, I saw Mark, which is Canada, and I saw them all trying to be a part of BlackRock somehow.
I saw a digital age, a digital frontier, and I saw a lot tonight.
But praise the Lord, y'all. I'm telling you, that was kind of cool.
I enjoyed that. Thank You, Holy Ghost. He says, "Sing me a song."Ain't that interesting?
He would let me see a little bit and then He says, "Sing me a song."I said, "Okay."It keeps the focus off you.
And that was pretty cool because He says, "Sing a song. I want this song now.
I'll show you a little bit, then sing a song."And when I did that, I didn't get tired.
He said, "Sing a song."It kept me filled. I felt His presence; it was refreshing.
And I was looking over. I said, "Well, I'll do that from now on.
We're all a work in progress; we're learning."But as I saw the temple being built, I saw Muhammad bin Salman. We need sleep today. I'm just going to say his name: MBS.
When I saw MBS coming along, he started helping build that temple and he started bringing forth his people, and all of a sudden I saw money flow and there were people in aviator glasses who looked like businessmen, and they started to reestablish in Gaza.
Big bucks. And I saw a flow of money. So, pretty cool. Saw America.
I saw a blessing. Hey, show me that. Can you show me that old oil well, Derek?
The Oilers. Yeah, from the football team back in the NFL. That was back in the '80s, I think.
Yeah, it was like that—the old oil well. The Oilers. Anybody remember the Oilers?
They weren't very good; that's why they don't exist. I think they went to Tennessee and they became the Tennessee Titans.
Houston Oilers. That's who it was. The Houston Oilers. And then they went from there to the Tennessee Titans.
And then they bought another team and brought them in there, and now they've got a team in Houston that has some kind of something on the side.
It's like a bull or something. I don't remember. You can tell I don't follow the NFL that well.
I like my Dallas Cowboys, and that's all I've ever liked since I was a kid.
The Dallas Cowboys: Troy Aikman, Emmitt Smith, Michael Irvin, Deion Sanders.
That was a team, boy. I loved to watch that. Well, praise the Lord.
I guess you know what? I believe that's it. I know we've already been here two hours. I am so thankful for every single one of you. God bless you.
Thank you for liking, subscribing, clicking the notification bell, doing everything you can to help us pray these things out and stick around and be a part of our beautiful prayer family.
I'm excited. We're so thankful for every one of you. We love you all so much. Every single one of you. I think it's all interesting.
There's such a large body of Christ, so many different beliefs and denominations, and we get them all.
We've got Catholics, we've got Methodists, we've got all kinds of people.
And the Catholics don't mind the tongues very much, but the Methodists do.
And then you get the people that are Church of Christ. They just all throw eggs at me.
But it is interesting because I just keep standing and doing what God's called me to do.
But it is interesting, the larger this channel grows, that all the different faiths and beliefs come on here.
We've got the Buddhists who like to watch us. They love us. The Buddhists. Isn't that funny?
I said the Buddhists like to come over here and watch, and they tell us about Jesus and want to know if they can serve Buddha and Jesus at the same time.
No, you can't. You either serve one or the other, and you better serve Jesus because the other one's going to take you to hell.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all. It's interesting because we had them all. There are a lot of psychics that watch.
We had a huge psychic witchcraft channel invite us to come on and do a broadcast with them.
They have hundreds of thousands of subscribers, and they want us to come onto their channel and talk to them about mediums and all kinds of stuff.
We have all kinds of people watching us and you go, "Wow, that's interesting.
The devil's crowd wants us to come on their channels."I thought about doing it and telling them about Jesus, but the Lord said no.
I thought, "Well, I'll go over there and tell them about Jesus because they're all going to hell."But I thought, "Isn't that interesting?"We've got all kinds of psychics and mediums and people talking to devils, and they all say, 'We want to know how you're doing it.'It's Jesus.
That's how we do it. Jesus helps us. It's not Brandon Biggs. And that's why I think it's interesting because everybody wants to know.
They had a huge channel, too, didn't they? They come over here and talk, 'We want to interview you.'People are searching.
I'm like, 'No, I'm not going to go talk on the devil's witchcraft channel because then people think I'm condoning it.'No, I'm just trying to tell them they need to get Jesus.
They don't know. People are hungry. We get all kinds of people like that—mediums in California, mediums all the time asking, 'Come out to celebrities.
We want to talk to you.'All glory to Jesus. All hail, King Jesus.
And I don't take anybody's invitations, really. I get invited to do things, but we really don't, do we?
We just keep doing our thing unless the Holy Spirit tells us to.
The only one I really like was Kim Clement's daughter, Donné.
She is really nice. She was really nice. I love my friend Billy: Billy Burke and Billye Brim, my BBs.
But we don't do a lot, do we? We kind of just do our thing. Praying in here is a lot—the emails and all the stuff we get by the time we get through our day.
I'm like, 'How?'because Joseph and they all travel all over the United States of America.
And I'm like, 'How in the world do they do that?'They have to have huge staffs because, between that, we're exhausted by the time we get our day done.
And now Joseph goes to all these places, and I say, 'Man,'and he's refreshed.
A lot of times I talk to him on the phone, and he's not run down.
He doesn't look like he's whipped. It's very interesting to me.
I just stay in my vein, stay on my thing. But I'm so thankful that you show up and pray with us.
It's fine. We love you. We'll be back. What is tomorrow? Friday.
Yep, I'll be back tomorrow, Friday. We'll pray with you again. I'll try to come on earlier.
I know it's late and there's a lot of you that are like, 'I have to go do things.
I don't have time to be up that late and burning the midnight oil.'Yeah, it's the time when we're done feeding Megan and doing all the things we do after we give her dinner.
I don't mind praying at night, but a lot of people don't. It's after I feed Megan and we do all that we do.
I'm like, 'Man,'because it's a lot, getting her settled and getting her around so we can pray.
Got to make sure she's full. But we love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. We'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.